Consolidate Container Properties cache in Client Instance (#35293)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Bugs Fixed
* Fixed a bug where change feed query in Async client was not returning all pages due to case-sensitive response headers. See [PR 35090](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/35090)
* Fixed a bug when a retryable exception occurs in the first page of a query execution causing query to return 0 results. See [PR 35090](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/35090).

> * Consolidated Container Properties Cache to be in the Client to cache partition key definition and container rid to avoid uncessary container reads. See [PR35293](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/35293/files)

Reviewer: unnecessary

Author: This Pr does specifically tackle on an issue where we were calling container reads more than we needed to. I could rephrase it to just mention it does fix that issue.

Reviewer: LOL. Apologies, I meant the spelling of **unnecessary** was wrong.

> * Consolidated Container Properties Cache to be in the Client to cache partition key definition and container rid to avoid unnecessary container reads. See [PR35293](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/35293/files)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Consolidated Container Properties Cache to be in the Client to cache partition key definition and container rid to avoid unnecessary container reads. See [PR 35293](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/35293)
```
